# Commerce
> Generated by [`prisma-markdown`](https://github.com/samchon/prisma-markdown)

- [Buyer](#buyer)
- [log](#log)

## Buyer
```mermaid
erDiagram
"Buyer" {
  String id PK
  String memberId FK "nullable"
  DateTime createdAt
}
"Member" {
  String id PK
  String name "nullable"
  String nickname "nullable"
  String phone
  String email
  String hashedPassword
  Int age "nullable"
  Gender gender "nullable"
  String address "nullable"
  String occupation "nullable"
  Boolean deleted
  DateTime createdAt
  DateTime updatedAt
}
"Buyer" }o--o| "Member" : member
```

### `Buyer`
Generate a unique identifier for each request from the browser to uniquely identify buyers who are not logged in.

**Properties**
  - `id`: Assigns the same ID for the same session, generated by the client.
  - `memberId`: Records the memberId if the session is identified.
  - `createdAt`: 

### `Member`
Represents a buyer who has signed up.

**Properties**
  - `id`: 
  - `name`: The actual name of the member.
  - `nickname`: The nickname of the member.
  - `phone`: The phone number of the member.
  - `email`: The email address of the member.
  - `hashedPassword`: The encrypted value of the member's password.
  - `age`: The age of the member.
  - `gender`: The gender of the member (MALE | FEMALE). If this value is null, It means `unknown`.
  - `address`: The address of the member.
  - `occupation`: The occupation of the member.
  - `deleted`: Indicates whether the information is deleted; deletion time is determined by updatedAt.
  - `createdAt`: The date when the member information was created.
  - `updatedAt`: The most recent update date of the information.


## log
```mermaid
erDiagram
"BuyerLog" {
  String id PK
  String buyerId FK
  String method
  String url
  String headers
  String query "nullable"
  String param "nullable"
  String body "nullable"
  Int ttl "nullable"
  Boolean error
  DateTime createdAt
}
```

### `BuyerLog`
Records logs for all requests.

**Properties**
  - `id`: The unique ID of the log, attached to the Request object.
  - `buyerId`: Indicates which buyer made the request.
  - `method`: 'GET' | 'POST' | 'PUT' | 'PATCH' | 'DELETE'.
  - `url`: Stores the original URL.
  - `headers`: Stores the buyer's HTTP headers.
  - `query`: Stores the buyer's HTTP query parameters as objects.
  - `param`: Stores the buyer's HTTP parameters as objects.
  - `body`: Stores the buyer's HTTP body as objects.
  - `ttl`: Measured in ms, the time taken for the request from request to response.
  - `error`: Updates the Request object ID in case of an error.
  - `createdAt`: 